updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#16065)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/windows-workflow-foundation/consuming-odata-feeds-from-a-workflow.md

## Using the sample Northwind OData service

> The examples in this topic use the sample Northwind data service located at <https://services.odata.org/Northwind/Northwind.svc/>. This service is provided as part of the [OData SDK](https://www.odata.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/odatasdkcodesamples.zip) and provides read-only access to the sample Northwind database. If write access is desired, or if a local WCF Data Service is desired, you can follow the steps of the [WCF Data Services Quickstart](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/framework/data/wcf/quickstart-wcf-data-services) to create a local OData service that provides access to the Northwind database. If you follow the quickstart, substitute the local URI for the one provided in the example code in this topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The examples in this topic use the sample Northwind data service located at <https://services.odata.org/Northwind/Northwind.svc/>. This service is provided as part of the [OData SDK](https://www.odata.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/odatasdkcodesamples.zip) and provides read-only access to the sample Northwind database. If write access is desired, or if a local WCF Data Service is desired, you can follow the steps of the [WCF Data Services Quickstart](../data/wcf/quickstart-wcf-data-services.md) to create a local OData service that provides access to the Northwind database. If you follow the quickstart, substitute the local URI for the one provided in the example code in this topic.
```
